{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The following should take place during a players turn:\
1. Check if there are 5 cards in the hand\
2. Check if can play hands from PayOffPile to CentreStack.  \
	If yes, check if can play next hand from PayOffPile to CentreStack.  \
	If no, check if can play cards from Hand to CentreStack.  \
		After each card played check PayOffPile to see if can play card.  \
	If Hand is empty refill from Deck.  \
	If can no longer play from PayOffPile or Hand check if can play from SideStack. \
		If yes check PayOffPile then Hand. etc. etc.\
3. When can no longer play any card discard card to SideStack.  \
	First check for an empty SideStack to play to. \
		If find one, discard. \
		If don\'92t find one check if any SideStack contains a card which we have in hand\
			if yes play same card on top\
			if no discard random card to SideStack\
\
extensions \
	expand step 2 by looking for potential runs of cards can play to play PayOffPile\
	expand step 3 by deciding which cards should discard based on what is in hand\
\
further extension\
	expand step 2 by deciding if should keep some cards that are playable to give better chance of 	using PayOffPile card on later turn\
		\
}